welcome to your mom's house
there's another man
this is so demeaning and so funny I was
watching underworld Inc on Netflix and
they have you know different underworld
documentary episodes basically yeah guns
drugs sex trafficking like we pitched
the show I pitched the show in the 90s
yeah I know
so spice right yeah cover all the cool
stuff in life they have this dude on the
show let's see I want to make sure I I
certainly wouldn't want to disrespect
this pimp his name is Big Town and he's
riding around Oakland shouting out to
his girls well he I'll just I can't do
him justice so just watch him do his
thing
Oakland California International
Boulevard is a well-known track where
prostitutes ply their trade former drug
dealer big town works the shops big town
offers a warped idea of providing
protection to him women aren't people
they're assets he controls
he is a management style many girls give
me 100 motherfucking percent of every
dollar that their pussy produces that's
what I'm talking about a dick that is my
fucking man right there was big town so
a big town yeah big town we see his face
they don't show his face now they don't
show his face well because he's the PMP
yeah of course he stays pimpin what do
you say about wings
he said something better get your wegs
prostitutes ply their trade to fly away
I don't know eat the wings I was
thinking about eating him yeah me too
but get your wings bitch oh God
let's see what else he's got these hoes
Big Town is a predator always on the
hunt for new merchandise to add to his
stock do alright trying with the wild
track baby that's how he gets a hoe tell
you gets a hoe yeah you on right right
trade with the wrong track yeah baby and
then some girls like uh-huh oh yeah can
I give you a hundred percent like a guy
could work for ya
prostitution is 100 percent more
profitable in drug suits
oh yeah you could spin $1,000 dress in
these hoes wants you to vist them
one hole clear what you put out there
first night if you're doing it's real so
at the end of the day
prostitution is 100% profit you're not
gonna work bitch get off that phone this
asshole
by the way he's so fucking fat and lazy
that he just drives around and yells
insults he doesn't even walk up to them
dents all times well you can also hear
his mouth you girls look he's got the
biggie smalls yeah it's also a terrible
part about Oakland California is also a
blessing for a nigga selling pussy if
they got so much good applied to deal
with man they don't have a manpower to
donate to the prostitution Oakland
coincides with pimping man niggas Carly
Mac in plan view checking money up on a
bitch that's what she's doing man get
some hold up I like that howdy equals
money from probably no we put that
together Birds thank you very much
Oakland god damn this guy's already
legendary man that's for reals I'm lovin
there are severe consequences if his
asset doesn't hand over all the dough
I'll check with the rest of the house
getting the rest of the house getting
eight hundred you keep bringing me fo 50
or five honey I might go for that desk
first night you do that again the second
night you know I'm saying I'm gonna
check on the rest of the house for my
money then shin-hye if I find it i'ma
beat to fuck about you
they're home just stomp to the ground in
front of the rest of the house you know
so we get a demonstration and y'all get
a good idea of what's going on let's see
that's just on old gorilla Kevin get
that clear he's a real piece of shit
well just a different management style
bitch got a black eye but I am fucking
opposed every movie this guy already
wears white
no he's not look at his arm it's a
little pinkish no no he's he's like a
mr. white folks no no no no this guy's
he's black man he's why no mr. white
folk sounds black he's super black okay
but preventing women from going
independent is the key to his business
so they called Randy dase again we've
heard this term in the other documentary
yeah these are hos that want to do it on
their own right renegade yeah I love
that Jesus as opposed to entrepreneurs
entrepreneur what is what they is get
off your door in a garbage can put that
on a 10 o'clock news that's what I think
about a real really gay man
he stabs target what you looking at how
crazy talk shit doctor she's talking his
business and then he's like what a piece
of shit he's talking about beating the
shadow girls have any only pauses to
yell at them from you or that lazy piece
of shit won't even get out of his car to
yell at them yeah unbelievably good guy
but now I'm pretty funny